Step eight involves installing SSL certificates for our site.
The procedure is identical to the first site, but you do not need to reinstall CERT.
But we've already installed a third party.
You only need to install the certificate for your site.
The command is sudo surfboat cert only double hyphen webroot hyphen w the path is a path to our WordPress
files hyphen D the domain name hyphen d w w w dot the domain name Sudi cert but cert only webroot hyphen
w the path to my WordPress files.
Hyphen D Mac web dev I find d w w w dot web dev.
Congratulations, your certificate and chain have been saved, your key file has been saved, your certificate
will expire 2018 zero eight to eight.